Crews of the Palestinian Civil Defense
Agency are always on the
clock rushing to whatever emergency
awaits these are First Responders easily
identifiable by their familiar orange
vests but that's offer little
protection it is very noticeable that
the Israeli occupation forces continue
to willfully Target civil defense teams
all across the Gaza Strip with the aim
of preventing us from providing
humanitarian
assistance overnight Israel launched air
strikes near the Palestinian civil
defense agency's headquarters in nirat
the walls pepid with
shrapnel three members of the Civil
Defense Agency were killed all defense
crews are essentially carrying out a
civil service in terms of international
humanitarian
law these men are involved in search and
rescue they are firefighters they're
Medics since day one we've been
appealing to the world and anyone with a
conscience to provide the minimum forms
of protection to the civil defense teams
and also to those working in the field
during the air
strikes while more than 500 health
workers have been killed since the start
of the war at least 74 of those have
been members of the Civil Defense Agency
day in and day out these are men who
have faced grave conditions to saved
lives increasingly it's at the expense
of their
own M CL
El make sure to subscribe to our channel
to get the latest news from Al jaaz
but